	review
1	"Absolutely love the value with their ""buy at least two"" deal going on. I save a lot of money's and it's easy to sell at work. Plus, I get a free pizza every now and then using my points. How awesome is that? I rarely give my business to anyone else when it comes to pizza."
2	Ordered food from Domino's on North 25th street. Derick took my order and made it. And it's the best food I've had in a very long time. I will definitely be ordering from him again! Somebody outta give the guy a raise because he is a perfectionist at his job!!!!
3	Ordered a veggie lover's pizza without onion from the location on Kearney and they got it wrong. Was supposed to send a voucher to us for a free pizza yet we never got it, so we called again and they told us to wait, so we called again and Justin took care of his right then and there and had it sent to us within 30 minutes. I know it was so hard for the others but Justin got it right on how you're supposed to deal with your customers. Good job.
4	Just another good experience with the Domino's Pizza store at Kathleen Square in North Lakeland, Fl. Ordered online, easy and seamless. Predicted 30-40 minute delivery time from the time my order was entered, ended up being less than 25 minutes. Our two pizzas were perfectly baked and just...pretty, as if the pizza chef made it for his/her own family. Seriously. The packaged chicken Caesar salad looks good, it's for my wife's lunch tomorrow. This is not our first order from this location, and the team at this store has nailed it every time. Keep it up and we will be continuing customers.
5	Review for Dominos del Amo bl, Lakewood CA. Very highly recommended. Horaccio is Very professional and excels in his customer service skills.. 5 stars to him and the other staff there.. My 2nd time getting pizza from there.. The food is fresh and on point really good.. I haven't had that experience at other dominos so I just had to write the reveiw and show my appreciation for getting great and friendly professional service and the good being on point definitely puts this dominos on the top of the list.. Thank you guys. It's the way you treat others is what they remember in any business.. Presentation is everything.. Thank you
6	Ordered pizza and garlic bread like usual and the food was left on the ground and covered with ants! We never gave instructions to leave pizza on porch! Was given another pizza and never even ate it! Very disappointing!
7	I ordered Domino's delivery online and was offered a coupon. I added my delivery information when prompted. During the process I was offered one add-on for a discount under the coupon. When I got to check-out, it said I could not add-on and the price went from $5.99 + whatever the add-on was, to $26.24. I was hungry I proceeded unhappily. The site offered status of my order with choices. I Amazon Alexa. Alexa confirmed.
8	I ordered pizza for my family. Not only was the pizza never delivered but the money was taken out of my account not once but twice! Called and spoke to the manager who yelled at me because so many people where had called and I was the one that got it even though I was saying it's ok, it's not your fault! But being that everyone who had called was so ignorant by the time I called it was, I have been seeing you calling and I'm trying to fix the problem. What else do I want me to do.... And I'm saying it's ok, calm down, you're fine, she is yelling and yeah my door slammed and she got the momma bear!! I have yet to get a call or my money or food. Dominos wtf my Money
9	I called to complain. I was told I would get a replacement. But the employee did not put in a book. So I m told. When I called for a replacement they told me there is no record and too bad for me. They do keep word not. Don't go there!
10	"Their customer service is nonexistent. Have been writing to them for over a month as I never received the $3.00 tip advertised on TV. Only response I got was ""order timed out"". Won't even tell me what that means. It's too bad as they have a good product but for $3.00 they will not see me in any of their stores!"
11	Received unlawful and bad service. Wrote to Dominos Corp around 3/16/2022. No reply as of yet. Please see below. It's definitely ground for a legal action.I have few coupons from SaveAround coupon book that I had been purchasing for the last 10 or so years to support local High Schools. One of the coupons that the book has is from Domino’s (buy any, one or more toping large pizza, and get another free of equal or lesser value), and there’s no restriction whatsoever. Besides buying other stuff throughout the year from Domino’s, I had been using this coupon to buy one spatiality pizza (it has more than one topping) at the regular menu price and get another one for free as indicated.
12	Call the West Main Street Domino's in Meriden Connecticut and order a large pepperoni pizza and when I get there they were arguing with me that it was a medium pepperoni. Wrong. The lady who I even spoke with said my order back to me. They claim they record calls. Well check my call recording. I'm pissed. This place in Meriden is such a joke. They need to learn to hire people that know how to do their job.
13	I ordered pizza online for pickup. When I came into the store the pizza was already done. I paid my bill. There were four people standing around the guy that took my money, walked away and then I waited for 10 minutes until an employee that worked all the time noticed that the pizza was not given to me. What a bad customer service and the poor lady that was working while all the other guys were just standing around doing nothing.
14	"Well, that massive and creative marketing campaign about a $3 tip isn't really a tip. Domino's saves on gas and employees, but you don't save anything unless you are buying pizza every 7 days. Yep, your ""tip"" expires in 7 days. Isn't this false or misleading advertising? If I give a driver $3 tip, does it just disappear from his/her pocket in 3 days (probably, but you know what I mean)?"
15	Welp!! I didn't get my wings I so badly wanted at the time. Too bad I can't post my pictures. HIGHLY disappointed. 2 large hand tossed, bread twist, 8pc WINGS PLAIN, 2 2-liters... Got everything right but THE WINGS!! Gave me two boxes of Garlic Bread twist.
16	Ordered from Dominoes in FT Lauderdale FL Online. Oder said processing, two hours later card was charged and site still said prepping order. Tried to call store and sat on hold for an hour. WORST service I have ever had would not recommend to Anyone.
17	AUSTIN IN CASTLE HAYNE NC HAS A VERY RUDE AND NEGATIVE ATTITUDE WITH REPEAT CUSTOMERS. VERY BAD. PLEASE LET HIM GO. He refuses to give out his name. Will NOT give out corporate phone number for fear of being reported. He told his employees not to give out manager name or corporate phone number, that if I want corporate number I have to go to store.
18	I used to order as a last resort when starving. But pizza has gotten saltier and saltier. Pure salt. But what really turned me off from the company is how they just went on an attack in the delivery drivers by promoting to tip the customer $3 if they pick up their own food. They always charge ridiculous made up fees. False advertise on prices. Always mess up orders. Bad on the phone. But to see that they don’t even care or take care of their own workers sealed it. Never again I give them business.
19	Ordered a large pizza well done and it was burnt black on edges and sausage was too hard and black also. Took a piece back to verify and manager said this is what well done looks like. I have ordered this before and it has never been like this. Pizza was inedible! New manager does not know what pizza should look like. Very poor customer service!
20	No don't. Gave me headache and puked on eating. Order placed yesterday and gave me stale food and I got sick and puked. The whole order is in garbage. Even the garbage disposal service is asking of 100 units to dispose on top of 400 units paid for. And needless to say got to bed hungry.
21	Whoever changed the prices recently, I just want to talk. Example: the chocolate lava cakes use to be $3.99 for 2. Now they're $6.99 for 3. So you get 1 more cake and have to pay the same price for 2 twice. I don't know. Maybe it's just me loving food too much, but that's unfair to me and I'm disappointed. Haha.
22	I had been a long time Domino's customer until yesterday. I ordered pizza and was called informing me that the delivery was near. I informed the driver that I was on my way downstairs to receive the delivery. I waited and no delivery. I called the store upset that I had not received my pizza and was hung up on because they did not like my tone. I rode by bike down to the store and informed a manager of the situation. He stated that the driver had made several calls - untrue and that the pizza was left at the building entrance - untrue. I received a text with a photo of a building entrance that is not mine. I became more upset explaining the situation and was asked to leave the store. This is not the first time I have experienced delivery problems. At any rate, this company has lost a 30 year customer. Shop Pizza Hut or Papa John's. Forget Domino's, I will!
23	BRING BACK THE CHEESEBURGER PIZZA!! Please..My husband and I really wanted the pizza the other day and were super excited to get it delivered to our house. Turn out that you guys no longer make that pizza. Made us super upset. We want it back. I'm sure a lot of people want it back too. So Please Please bring it back.
24	My wife and I have alternated Domino's and Pizza Hut for the past few years, but we are done with Domino's. She orders a thin crust w/ Italian sausage (normal). I order pan w/ extra sausage. I ALWAYS end up with about 1/3 of hers. I prefer their taste, but I feel like I am getting cheated every time - paying extra for much less. I've taken pics the last few times but they are too big to upload and it's pathetic.
25	They keep saying they are making changes....Well it is WAY worse here. When the driver showed up with the food he only had less than half, I asked why thinking he would say it's in the car.... No. With the receipt in hand..the store I thought I got it all.... 3 boxes well there were 4 more. Had to wait 20 more min for the rest. While we waited we had a slice and I take it they are over stock in pepperoni and under in cheese. Horrible. I wasted over 100$ and 20$ tip ahead.
26	Tonight I ordered from store #8841 I order a pizza and pasta and a 2 liter drink, after a hour and 20 mins we called the store and the manager said check to see if your neighbor has your order. We don’t live in a projects. We live in a very nice and upkeep neighborhood so I went to the door. My food was placed on the porch not steps and nobody rang nor called to let us know they were there. His excuse was the driver was going home not a good excuse for me to know I paid 28.67 and got the worst service and the manager wasn’t good at customer service. He kept giving a excuse that they should have rang the door bell but they didn’t. Well the food was ice cold like the soda was sitting on cement. 
27	"These people now started robbery, I placed order, and not delivered even after 1hr, they not even informed me that they will be late, when I called delivery boy he says ""I can't assure when can I come,"" and another strange is my order says delivered in the app."
28	I ordered online to have my order delivered. Once they delivered a food item was missing. I called and the person said he was the manager and was very rude. He would not give his name and I tried to tell him what was missing by reading the item from the receipt. He refused to hear what I was reading off receipt. I asked for his superior, he refused. I said I would complain he said go ahead. And hung up on me. 
29	Store 12693 main st suite 240 Hesperia. I had a problem with my order and I called to the restaurant and talked to the manager **. She was so great and fixed my problem so smoothly. I really did appreciate how nice they solved my problem.
30	Food ordered. We're 10 minutes away from the store and it takes 45 minutes to an HOUR for the food to finally get to us. Pizza is always under or overcooked. They take no concern about gluten or dairy allergies. I don't know why people even like it. It's horrendous.
31	Due to some delivery issues, I did not get my order and the delivery agent marked it as not contactable. But the manager, Aman, ensures that it reached me within 15 mins. You should have more employees like him. Give him a raise!
32	Last month I ordered online, waited 3 hours, called several times, and when the driver arrived he delivered my meal next door to my neighbor. Granted it's not their fault about the bad neighbor but I did try and catch the driver while he was next door, called the store to complain, and filed complaint with corporate with no response. This time I went in store and ordered, waited 30 minutes listening to the workers discuss gays, rednecks, and what they like and don't like. Food handed to me and inspected. Pizza burnt, given not completely and or correctly cooked, and no sauce for dessert. They offered to replace fresh but this was going to be another 45 minutes. Called complaint line and still no answer after 2 days. Never again :( Oh and the meal was just over 50 dollars and I took pictures.
33	Ordered a pizza delivery online. Pizza tracker indicates pizza is done and 45 minutes later it’s finally out for delivery. Delivery took 35 minutes even though I’m 5 minutes from the store. Pizza was COLD. Called the manager at the store and she was unconcerned. The we make it right option on the app is a joke. This is their response “We are unable to guarantee delivery times.” Fenton MO Store. Scott **. Customer Service Associate. MBR Management/dba Domino's.
34	Walked in yesterday evening to get pizza and wings. It took 10 minutes for the guy at the register to enter and charge me for the order. No price list anywhere in the store. Food disgusting, missing dip that is included in the price.
35	"I just had a pizza from Domino’s and usually it is $ 7.99. However I was charged $18.24 this evening. So when I questioned the cashier 4735 he was rude and said I have to do online in order to get that price. I tried to explain him that I always pay at the cashier $ 7.99 why this time price is high and I even asked him, ""Have you guys raised the price."" He said, ""No and this is what You have to pay."" I never ever go to Pickerington (Columbus, Ohio) Domino’s Pizza."
36	Tried to order double pepperoni on the 5.99$ special. Only gives option for extra. Called Domino's, they can't take order on phone. Only through website. Confirmed with employee extra is not double toppings. YOU ARE NOT TRULY GETTING 2 TOPPINGS FOR 5.99!!!!
37	Very happy with service. Workers are nice. Food is always warm and well prepared. My go to one is Smithtown. Curbside and store pickup are always spot on. I would recommend this store to anyone. My favorite is the specialty pie.
38	I've ordered hundreds of Domino's pizzas over the past 15 yrs! At one point I ate 1 everyday for over a month. Not sure what's going on, but they seem to be slacking on giving customers what they order... My last 5 orders, I've ordered triple cheese and had not received it even after complaining to to the franchise and receiving a free pizza for not getting triple cheese... I wonder how often this happens! I'm guessing to save money, the franchises are cheaping out and giving regular cheese when YOU order extra or triple cheese! This is stealing from customers!! I've pretty much lost all hope in dominos and will be spending my moneys in places that give me what I order, I suggest YOU do the same.
39	I placed an order online & was charged $32. When the order was almost complete I get to the store and they tell me the order was cancelled because it was slow night & they had to close. Unprofessional.
40	This is the incident that happened today Feb 6th. My bf placed an online order #27 at the store on Church Street in Concord. He gave me a copy of his online receipt given by Domino that he had been paid since Feb 5th. Later my Godmother went there to pick it up for me, but the ticket showed was not paid. He told me that they had charged on his credit card. He has been ordered to the same locations two times as one for my birthday, the other time for some holiday. This never happened before.
41	"If I can give they them 0 stars I would. 1st of all they messed up my order, I called. That way they won't mess up. I order 2 pizza and ended up with one. The pizza was not cut into slices. The chicken wings were not cooked. More like raw. I order ginger ale received coke. I usually order from Village Pizza a party size for 30 but decided to try something different. I ended spending 50 on an order that was not even worth the money.. When I called to complain all they can say is, ""What do you want me to do?"" SMH. Awful customer service. DON'T ORDER FROM DOMINO'S!!!"
42	I hadn't had Domino's in probably over a decade but friend was feeling nostalgic so we ordered pizza and wings. The garlic parm wings were almost inedible, swimming in a cream sauce and with almost no meat. So coated they kept slipping out of my hand. It looked like a dry rub in the picture on my phone or i wouldn't have ordered them. The pizza was underwhelming, good texture but very bland. It'll probably be another decade before someone convinces me to eat Domino's again.
43	Don't get me wrong I love Domino's Pizza but having to wait 1 hour for a pizza is crazy then when I get the pizza it isn't even fresh. I get they have to do other delivers but having to wait that long is crazy. My suggestion is to hire more people. Sorry if I sound like a Karren but it's just crazy. Even though they take a long time I still like the pizza.
44	The food was late and we had to microwave it which defeats the purpose of ordering out! The cookie brownie was burnt! The worst $70 spent on 2 small pizzas and 1 medium with the cookie brownie and I gave a 9 or 10 tip!
45	Last time I had delivery I asked for contact delivery and when the driver showed up he knocked and would not leave until I had to open the door. This evening I ordered delivery again, the tracker went from checking order to delivery back to checking order. Finally said out for delivery again and took 20 minutes, it’s a four minute drive to my house!!! The pizza was not hot!!!! What the heck???
46	I bought this bake dish because I like cheese. The cheese is greasy and disgusting. It left an after in my mouth. Dominos did not bake it as specified. It is a runny tasteless powder cheese. The so call baked cheese comes with garlic bread. The bread was not fresh. Do not buy it.
47	It was around 6pm on 01/21/2022 I went in to Domino's on 6600 West Teutonia Ave in Milwaukee WI and place two orders. One for Pat that contain a medium pizza with sausage, pepperonis, black olives, green peppers and onions with a 10 piece hot wings that total to $26 and some cents and one for Lee was a medium with sausage and pepperonis and a ten piece BBQ.... However I did not get my order or my money for the order for Pat. 
48	Their discount program for $7.99 is really bogus. They charged me over $11.00 for it. Toppings are like dog food. The sausage is all ground up and Pizza has a funny taste. On top of that the Pizza was cold even though I picked it up at the store right away. I went back to the store and that same night and they did refund my money. But it ruined my dinner.
49	"Absolutely love the value with their ""buy at least two"" deal going on. I save a lot of money's and it's easy to sell at work. Plus, I get a free pizza every now and then using my points. How awesome is that? I rarely give my business to anyone else when it comes to pizza."
50	I ordered 2 pizza but only 1 was ordered, the one I got was cold, burnt and salty. It taste horrible. I can honestly say it's the worst pizza I ever had. After calling the store I was told they would send the other pizza.
51	We ordered 3 specialty pizzas from Domino's. Spent 70.00, hardly had any crust, sauce and topping on all three pizzas. Very very disappointing. My whole family and myself believe that frozen pizza would have surpassed the quality of product from Domino's.
52	Ordered food from Domino's on North 25th street. Derick took my order and made it. And it's the best food I've had in a very long time. I will definitely be ordering from him again! Somebody outta give the guy a raise because he is a perfectionist at his job!!!!
53	Terrible quality. I ordered a pizza and waited around an hour and a half for delivery and finally got a phone call that they have no delivery drivers. Terribly managed. No apology or sense of customer service. If I could give less than 1 star I would.
54	Ordered a veggie lover's pizza without onion from the location on Kearney and they got it wrong. Was supposed to send a voucher to us for a free pizza yet we never got it, so we called again and they told us to wait, so we called again and Justin took care of his right then and there and had it sent to us within 30 minutes. I know it was so hard for the others but Justin got it right on how you're supposed to deal with your customers. Good job.
55	Pizza was terrible I ordered a X large 16 inch pizza and I received a old janky pizza that’s been sitting out. Terrible. Would like a refund. I want my money back! Pizza was hard and crusty. I want money back!!!
56	"Ordered pizza on-line and got a verified order number and a time to pick up our pizza. Time was 25-30 minutes after I placed the order on-line. I placed the order at 5:10pm, so worst case, our pizza should have been ready for pick-up at 5:40. I got to the restaurant at 5:25 and our pizza hadn't even been made! The very rude lady at the register told me they were behind (why didn't THEIR web-site state this??), and I could always just cancel my order if I didn't like it!! Really, your answer to terrible customer service is to cancel the order?? I asked on-line for the pizza to be ""well done"", and of-course it wasn't. They removed the pie before it reached the end of the baking rack, so when I finally got it home it was very ""doughy"". Got my pizza at 5:57pm....a full 27 minutes later than the LATEST estimated time for pick-up. This ""store"" on 6920 E. Baseline Rd. in Mesa, AZ has got to be the absolute worst Domino's I have ever visited."
57	I'm a hotshot driver and travel quite a bit. I stay in hotels and order a Domino's pizza about 75% of the time because it's easy but tonight I'm in Columbus Ohio and ordered a pizza from store #2319. It was in prep for 1 hour and 20 minutes and took 2 hours and 15 minutes to get delivered. It was also cold when it got here. I have successfully found the worst Domino's in the country right here in Columbus Ohio.
58	"The location that was sending my pizza to make a complaint and speaking with the lady was telling her my pizza was cold and she tells me, ""it's cold outside"" and ""we can credit your account or send out another one."""
59	For the price is poor value. Delivery plus tips are overboard. If late they blame the app. Never heard of anyone in our area getting the freebies they talk about on TV. Food is good quality but fees are too much and food lukewarm.
60	Versova, I have paid extra amount. When I ask the in charge she told me 24hrs it will be refunded. But I went to store, had a word with Manager, called again, they didn’t refunded the amount even After showing statement.
61	The Domino's pizza in Lomita Ca. 90717 on Walnut st. delivers OLD, COLD pizza. It took the guy over a half an hour to drive less than 1 mile to deliver a cold pizza that was missing toppings? They won't refund any money nor will they bring the right food or any food for that matter? Instead they want me to take %20 off the next time???? Like I would EVER do that again!
62	In the last year or so they have added jalapeno to the pie or pepperoni and I can’t eat it cause I break out in red skin. The flavour is dominated by this stuff. It’s like eating pepper. It’s unnecessary, so many foods have this crap.
63	This review covers all chain retail pizza outlets. I have experience the same problem with all of them as well as small independent outlets. Uncooked pizza dough. I have eaten pizza from every major chain outlet and have found; most often; that the dough is half cooked. If these outlets had fully cooked their pizza dough I would give them all 5 stars.
64	Omg they have the best gluten free pizza ever!! I love it!! For those of us who have to be gluten free what a great pizza! Especially the vegetarian gluten free pizza! It taste so rich with fresh tomatoes and vegetables. It just explodes your taste Buds! Healthy. Healthy!!!
65	I tried to order delivery, and the website said the store was closed. I put my rating at 3 stars, instead of 1 star because the store normally delivers to me on time, or even before the time they promised, and their food has generally been correct and tasty. I ALWAYS tip. Seriously considering NEVER ordering again, simply because they chose to close on a Monday that is not a holiday of any kind.
66	I normally asked for a pizza delivery and after an hour they cancel my order. I tried to call the store for about 30 minutes and they never answered! This is the last time I ask for a Domino's pizza and I'll make sure any of my friends ask from Domino's again.
67	I ordered the cheese oven baked cheese dip.. WHEN I SAY A JOKE, if you’re into paying basically 5-10 dollars depending on if you want the bread twist or not. SAVE YOUR MONEY. IT'S EQUIVALENT TO A SINGLE DIP FROM A RESTAURANT THAT COST LESS THAN A DOLLAR IF THAT.
68	I went back and I wanted my money back and they told me that they couldn’t do anything about it. They told me that they would make me another and I agree but it was the same thing. I will never go back to this place again in the rest of my life.
69	Domino’s 13061 #E Bakersfield CA. I normally receive excellent customer service and good pizza every time I order from this location. Tonight there was only one person working who appeared to be stressed, overworked and overwhelmed as she made my pizza wrong the first time. It was perfectly well done but wrong toppings. I was very patient and didn't complain. I waited for her to make the second pizza and although the toppings were perfect the pizza was burnt (I asked for well done but not burnt). I observed her making my second pizza, placing it back in the oven mid way and leaving it at the end of the oven for some minutes as she made someone else's order. Now I can't say this is why it was burnt. 
70	I received an email for a free pizza because the last one took so long. When I called to redeem it. I got hung up on. I had just given this store a great review for awarding me the free pizza. Temple Terrace.
71	Just another good experience with the Domino's Pizza store at Kathleen Square in North Lakeland, Fl. Ordered online, easy and seamless. Predicted 30-40 minute delivery time from the time my order was entered, ended up being less than 25 minutes. Our two pizzas were perfectly baked and just...pretty, as if the pizza chef made it for his/her own family. Seriously. The packaged chicken Caesar salad looks good, it's for my wife's lunch tomorrow. This is not our first order from this location, and the team at this store has nailed it every time. Keep it up and we will be continuing customers.
72	I purchased vouchers to gift my team, it was valid for 6 months. I had so much of issues to redeem. And when the voucher was about to expire, they never answered my call and waited till it was expired. Poor service. I don't think this feedback will reach them as they are least bothered about customers. I will never buy Domino's.
73	I place my order on the Domino's app at 1:46pm for the Berea, OH location on 12/12/21. At 2:25 the tracker showed the order completed. At 3:05 I called the store & the mgr said he hadn’t had time to call me to tell me they had no drivers or to refund my order! Seriously?!
74	I want to sue them. They didn't deliver their food right to our door but they didn't. Now my mom won't order food from there ever again because of them. I want them back and also it happens every time she orders it. I want this pizza place gone forever and it will never come back. It's disgraceful for me, mom and dad
75	Went to the Bideford Branch,,,, Spent £22 and was charged on my card £42. After a sincere apology, I asked for refund on my card but 'they' are not allowed to. 'A Manager' told me not to worry it would be in my account the next day. I asked for some evidence of the overcharge... After a lot of huffing I got my receipt and card payment with a scribble... Refund due.
76	Ordered a pizza from our local Domino's. It arrived cold and was not edible. On top of that, they charged a delivery fee of over $3.00. The total order came to more than $13 and wasn't worth anything. We would never order from this company again.
77	The Domino's located at 13410 Preston Rd, Dallas, TX 75254 has the worst customer service ever! The last time we ordered pizza we were notified that our pizza had been delivered but no pizza. Call the store and are told it is on its way. We live less than 5 miles from the store. Over 30 more minutes past before the pizza arrived. We order 1 pizza and some wings. Tonight we ordered the same thing, pizza and wings. We get a notification that says that the pizza is on the way. Almost an hour later, no pizza. Call the store and get the run around about where the pizza is. Ask for a manager. The manager refuses to get on the phone. Ask for a name and/or number for a regional/district manager and we are told they can't give out personal information. Asked how it is personal when they are running a business and are told call 1-800- Dominos. 30 minutes after this conversation, pizza arrives and was sent back.
78	Worstest service ever. I have visited store order for veg paradise. They given cheese pizza which is disgusting. Customer service gave only reason when we called. After payment bill was not given. 2 days before we order online payment done and last minute order cancel and refund will after 7 to 9 working days. Is this bank or store **.
79	The pizza was cold and tasteless. I wanted extra sauce and didn't get it. The person that delivered it had an attitude. It was the worse experience ever. The cheese taste like cardboard and the price was high.
80	Domino's has loads of customer. That's why delivery staff talking rudely behavior and store management also staff same less services and cancel my order. No one order dominos product order other food com
81	So first they **. They don't wear gloves while they cooking the food, they was fighting in the back, one of them dropped the pizza on the FLOOR and picked it up and put it in the oven like it never happened. This is the LAST time I will be eating from Domino's and suggest you do the same.
82	Domino's Pizza in Redlands, CA. Located at 107 E Colton Ave STE 100 City of Redlands in San Bernardino County. The pizza crust was burnt & the bacon. The manager was rude when I went in the next day with the actual pizza in the box to show her how burnt it was. She had the nerve to stand there & argue with me and tell me it wasn't burnt. My bf & I barely ate a slice each. The same night after I picked up the burnt pizza I called Domino's and told one of the employees that it was burnt & he gave me a $8 credit on my account which is kept on record by your phone number. So today I had decided to use that coupon & order another Pizza & when I drove there to pick it up that's when the female manager was rude and had no customer service manners at all.
83	I usually loves Domino's Pizza but last night I ordered cheesy pasta and I was not taste up to expectations, so I reviewed that way. Next day they called me for closed the feedback, is it right way?? Feedback means to for every customer who is going to buy from your outlet... I'm getting this appropriate.
84	I ordered paneer makhani pizza from sector 15 chandigarh. It was delivered after more than 55 min and was too cold. Moreover no ketchup was served with the pizza. I have to throw that pizza. Very worst experience.
85	I ordered pizza from Domino's and the delivery person could not wait for 5 minutes completely and yell at me so badly over the phone. Also, he literally dropped pizza boxes outside the building door. I am glad I was on the other side of the locked door, otherwise, it was not a safe experience at all. It is not about earning back a refund complaining, anyway I had to throw away that Pizza. I wish I could attach the image here. From now onwards I am not considering domino's as a Pizza option.
86	Pre-ordered 6 pizzas for delivery at 6:30 pm. Was called at 6:15 pm to tell me they were cancelling my order. I asked to speak to the manager and was hung up on. I called back three times to be hung up on each time. Terrible management - terrible service! Do not order from the Circle Pines location. (9730 Lexington Ave, Circle Pines, Mn) I never will again!
87	I was calling Domino's to ask them a question and they were just being really rude and disrespectful and fricken hung up on me after I was done asking them. That's what I call horrible service. Like what kind of company literally hangs up on someone for asking a question. Not even that! I was asking if I could pick it up. I was being all nice about it too. Just hang up on me.
88	I ordered a chicken caesar salad for delivery with my pizza. They called me saying they didn't have anymore of chicken caesar salad but they have garden salad so I said ok so just refund the difference back to my card. They said that the garden salad is the same price but how is that when chicken is more expensive to add to something. What a rip off!
89	We gone to Domino's Pizza near grand mall. First when we enter one man was not responding. We are asking about where to order. But they are laughing and talking with someone and never responding. But the food was amazing. For that only I gave 3 stars if not you will be losing the three stars. Please make it right to be a best. When the person enters you should be serious. Ok make it right. All the best.
90	Worst experience with Domino's staff and quality of pizza. We went to two restaurant of domino's. First we go to Jail Road. They refuse to take our order at 8:30 pm, because they were having so over worked these type of people you having in customer dealing very bad impression. Then we go to Tilak Nagar restaurant. There we wait for 40min for our order and get spoiled pizza on asking for ketchup they said ketchup is out of stock now. We people feel like fools who spent 500rs for spoiling our mood by eating pathetic pizza. They didn't give us bill. What type of services these brand giving.
91	Ordered 4 cheese pizza with extra cheese but the pizza just had only extra cheese and no other type of cheese was there from these four cheese. If you can't maintain quality then stop showing your ads bloody everywhere.
92	Just wanted to say that their pizza is great. But if you let it sit for longer than 30 minutes in the box, it sticks to the box so that you can't even pick up the remaining pieces. So you can lose up to 75% of the pizza to the box it sticks to!
93	I ordered the Hawaiian pizza. It was so undercooked. The die was wet and fell apart. They also stopped their 2 minute timer after 24 seconds and took another 35 seconds to get out to my car. I asked why they stopped it and he laughed and gave me bullcrap excuse.
94	I ordered about 40 dollars worth of food one evening around 8pm and about ten minutes after I placed the order online, I get a call. They have no delivery drivers, so I was not getting my order. Then he promptly hung up on me. When I called back to ask for a refund of my money, he hung up on me again. This happened at least 5 times before I gave up. So I called Pizza Hut. Much better company.
95	"I'm allergic to a protein in cow's milk and therefore cannot eat cheese. I ordered a pizza from Domino's and drove and picked it up. Drove home and opened the box, it was covered with cheese. I called the store, sat on hold, got hung up on (I know they hung up, because I saw the manager do it while I was in the store). Drove back to the store with the incorrect pizza and my receipt. I asked for the manager, he came up. Asked what was wrong, I told him. He said, ""Oh yeah, I just looked at it real fast and missed that. I'll make you another one."" He made a new pizza, put it in the oven and left. The employee in the front got my new pizza out of the oven, cut it, put it in a box, and gave it to me. No customer service AT ALL. No, ""We're sorry,"" no nothing. I'm gonna give Marco's Pizza down the street a try next time."
96	The pizza was burnt or too spicy. We are very disappointed and this is not the first time. This is the last time we are going to order from Domino's. I know other people who were also disappointed with their food.
97	Do not order from them!! We have been and always late. But this time no delivery. Ordered at 9pm and called at10 pm no answer. My account was charged and credited but everyone is still hungry!! Never again.
98	We ordered our pizzas at 2 pm for 5 pm. At 5:15 we TRIED to call the store, waited on phone for 35 minutes! By chance we got another call in call waiting at 5:45. It was the store on 16 th Ave in Conway South Carolina. Whoopy, telling us that our pizza was waiting for an hour to be delivered in another 3-4 hours! First this notice was already 45 minutes late! And on top we should wait another 3-4 hours for a cold pizza? This absolutely sucks. Trust me, this was the very last time I ordered from your company. I asked politely to cancel my order, reimburse our money and ordered from a local pizzeria. Thanks for absolute horrid customer service. I’ll tell that story to whoever wants to hear it. Furthermore I’ll leave my reviews where ever I can post it, Yelp, Yellow Pages etc.!!!!
99	"I've been trying to redeem my free pizza online for over a week in app and I keep generic ""checkout error"" on website. It's ""We are sorry but an error has occurred. Please try again momentarily."" And to contact the store but they can't help me redeem pizza since it needs to be done online. So I decided to contact Domino's customer service number. They too couldn't help me even after giving them access to my account and they seeing free pizza. They also received same error message. I'm currently quarantined due to Covid. In financial distress as most of us are. And can't even redeem a free pizza I earned through points. Highly disappointed."
100	My daughter and her friends had to fly back home to Texas and before leaving to the airport we ordered three pizzas to be delivered. The restaurant is located at 7070 Seminole Pratt Whitney Rd Ste 1, Loxahatchee, FL 33470, just about 2.5 miles from our house, so we figured it'd be less than 45 minutes to receive the order. We place the order at 12:34 PM but almost an hour later, the pizzas had not been delivered. I called the restaurant to inquire about the delay and I was told they were busy and that the order had been sent. I asked the person who answered the call why they didn't inform the customer about the delay so they could make other arrangements, including picking it up the order, but he just said that it was on its way.
101	It's like they have a computerized hook. When you buy pizza for the first time in a while they will serve you a good pizza full of topping and sauce so you can buy again but when it sees that you're an old customer they start to serve few toppings and sauce. I have experienced this since loooong ago. Try it and you will see. Stop buying for some time and when you go back they will serve you a nice pizza full of topping and the cycle goes on and on.
102	Absolutely the worst experience I have ever had in my lifetime!!! Poor Customer Service! Uncaring inconsiderate Manager! Poor Order Takers. But They Love Ripping you off! I paid them via debit card $40.00+ for a delivery which they totally botched and when I tried to contact them by phone they hung up on me 6 times!!!! 2nd guy told me to ** Off! I am telling you the Ogden Area Pizza Lovers DO NOT ORDER OR BUY FROM THIS LOUSY STORE - Go somewhere else and save yourself a Bucket Load of Grief!!!!
103	Review for Dominos del Amo bl, Lakewood CA. Very highly recommended. Horaccio is Very professional and excels in his customer service skills.. 5 stars to him and the other staff there.. My 2nd time getting pizza from there.. The food is fresh and on point really good.. I haven't had that experience at other dominos so I just had to write the reveiw and show my appreciation for getting great and friendly professional service and the good being on point definitely puts this dominos on the top of the list.. Thank you guys. It's the way you treat others is what they remember in any business.. Presentation is everything.. Thank you
104	The whole experience was very bad and badly handled. Was very upsetting. Management didn't help with problems. I was treated like I was a liar and in the end they are refusing to deliver to me ever again.
105	Today while at work I ordered a pizza... I was unable to locate the pizza coupon I sought and therefore called the actual store. When calling after a brief hold I was able to place my order accordingly. The customer representative even recognized my employer's business number and provided awesome customer service. About 10 mins later I was able to arrive at this location for pick-up and the order was ready to be received in a timely fashion. Upon arriving back at my employer and having the Pie in hand I sat down to enjoy this amazing looking pizza. I ate approximately 2 slices and was about to have my 3rd (as I was going to bring the rest home to my children) & it happened... Something fell off the slice while eating! At first I assumed it was a mushroom but the texture and lightness as it fell caused for a closer inspection.
106	Domino's review. It has really poor service, we didn't get any oregano and chili flakes, it has been almost a year since we always ask the delivery guy but every time the excuse is that it's out of stock, we're tired of this. So please look up to it.
107	Worst as your quality is going down day by day. I received even not proper baked pizza. No cheese, plain bread even the toppings are not best. I will not recommend anyone your brand as it's going down day by day.
108	Half of the pizza was more crust than anything and what would be called a slice of pizza was actually maybe 2 bite's because like I stated it was more crust than pizza. Delivery person was very nice. Just won't be ordering again.
109	"Soooo we ordered a pizza through the app. Last night and after the order we waited 2 hours for this pizza to show up instead of the 30 to 45 min. Wait time, so we decide to call them and asked where our order was at, the manager, rude as hell too, said in a ** attitude say ""your order is out for delivery, I don't know when it will show up."" Then hung up on me. So I called them back like wtf when will it get here? He proceeded to ask what time I ordered, so I checked the app, it won't tell me, so I check on my card to see what time and I find out they charge me $50 for 2 large pizzas, so I told them to void the order and refund me. 24hrs later no refund, talked to the GM, he's pretty much ignoring me, my account is now in the negatives and no food. We do not own a vehicle and we just moved into our own place, so we have no food, she is also pregnant like wtf give me our money back so we can eat."
110	I called my order in for a medium pizza and an order of garlic knots at 9:00 pm and I called at 10:00 pm and I was told my order did not exist. I then re-ordered my pizza and garlic knots at that time, and it is currently 11:10 pm and I still do not have my order yet. Both times I was told it would be a 30 mins for my order to arrive, and both times they told me they were busy. This is completely ridiculous for a medium pizza and an order of garlic knots to be delivered to a hotel across the street from the Dominos building. I will never order from them again. Very dissatisfied with the service from the Dominos in Minocqua, Wisconsin.
111	Placed the order for pick up because deliveries are taking over 2-3 hours and upon arrival, the manager ** said she has no order. Although, I showed her my phone with the pizza tracker stating that order was ready for pick up... She said that they did not made it and that they turned off the ovens...She was very rude...When asked about her name she said Yakira the manager and you can call 1800 Domino's to complain if you want. Closed the door on me and co worker showed the middle finger at me through the glass. Asked to do it again to record it and they both laughed. I never felt so humiliated and mistreated in my whole life by a manager and her employee.
112	I put in the directions to be contactless. The guy knocked on the door, I went to get it and he was still there. He had me sign the receipt and handed me the food. I paid online so it would be contactless.
113	The noodles were hard and very little sauce. I have always had good service until now. This was something. I would not feed my dog. I wish I could submit a picture. We are out of town and hoping to eat after 6 hours of driving. Sitting down to this makes me never want to order from there again.
114	The Pizza was essentially uneatable and they didn't want to do anything, they didn't want to do anything. Total disappointment.... They need to reevaluate their business solution as I am in business in all counties of Florida as I am a State licensed contractor and this is unacceptable. Thank you. :-)
115	I have been a fan of Domino's Pizza for years. As long as you're testing driverless delivery I will not use your product again. These are jobs the American people need who's going to buy your product if no one has a job. I will also do my best to discourage as many people as I can not to use your product as long as you replace human jobs with computers. I am not alone in this. Millions of Americans feel the way I do... I will pay the extra cost for my pizza to have it delivered by a human..
116	Ordered two medium pizzas. It took an hour and a half. The pizza was cold, the tip amount included percent based on delivery fee and tax as well. $50 and cold pizza. Ummm..no. Never again. Keep your pizza.
117	I called the 352-867-5900 and placed my order via phone. Was not given an order #. Among my orders, I requested a Build A Pasta Primavera and to add Italian Sausage (always paid the difference). When I called back to speak with a supervisor Rebecca answered first, then supervisor Julie was rude on the phone, sounded rushed and gave an excuse that we called the call center, and they are the only ones that have this problem, frustration & harsh tone over phone. This is not professional and it is NOT my problem that she has to explain this to every customer who calls. I advised her that she sounds upset and her response was I talk to much and she was cancelling my order. 
118	Order a Philly cheese steak Pizza. When my order arrive it was a Philly cheese steak with marinara sauce. Call back to explain what was going on and was hung up on the manager in charge. I miss the Charles. I think this was very non-professional and I think that they should be made to make orders right when they mess up. My receipt indicated that I ordered a Philly cheese steak. It said nothing about a Philly cheese steak with marinara sauce. This Domino's is located in Newnan Georgia on West Washington Street. I do not recommend anyone order there.
119	I ordered several things from Domino's last night for my son who had some friends over. The delivery never came. I realize it was a busy day but a phone call would have been the professional way to communicate the inability to fulfill the request. My card was charged and they just never showed up. I had to call today to request a refund. We have been good customers of Domino's but there are plenty of other options. I will not be ordering from them again.
120	Dear Public,
121	I placed a pizza order online like I've done a thousand times before. The system then asked to update my zip code. Which I did. It then confirmed the order. Then I got a text from my bank as I always do. But it said that I had been charged twice. Once on the initial order, then again after I updated the zip code. I called the store but they could do nothing anything about it. So I cancelled the order. Now I have go through the hassle of getting 2 refunds. Too easy just to buy pizza somewhere else.
122	We ordered from the Domino's Stayton Oregon, first off they forgot one of our pizzas and second thing is HE LEFT OUR PIZZA ON THE GROUND! Who does that? I will never be ordering from Domino's again. Way too expensive for such horrible service.
123	I love Domino's. Their pizza is very good but I hate it when my pizza is so saucy. Today I ordered and had to throw mine into the trash because of 2 reasons. So saucy and they gave me a ingredient that was so spicy but their pizza is very good. You should give them a try.
124	I love Domino's Pizza but today it was hot so I parked my car in way that I can have shed since my kid bleed sometime in sunlight. It was taking 2 car space but it is not crime and all parking lot was empty. I felt 4 cars can be parked but a arrogant driver treated me in such way that I was his servant, I told him only 2 mins more I am going and it's not fire exit or I have not destroyed anything but he was so much arrogant (feels like he was paying for my pizza). Domino's should take action as what he is misbehaving with me without thinking how he should behave with customers and I am thinking how he treats old people and disable people who take time to take delivery.
125	We placed and order for a philly cheese steak sandwich and Chicken parm sandwich. After about an hour, I received a call from Domino`s Pizza. I was told my order is going to take about 2 to 3 hours. I asked can I pick it up. I was told I can and it's ready. I arrived 10 minutes later only to find it was not ready. 20 minutes later, I received the food. Arrived home and took a bite out of my sandwich only to find almost nothing on it. burnt bread and a very few dried out onions. Most at the bottom of the box. My wife chicken parm was the same way. Little on her sandwich and the bread was burnt and dried out like mine. Old bread? Do yourself a favor and buy your pizza from a real pizzeria. Small sandwiches with hardly nothing for top dollar.
126	Ordered 2 med cheese pepperoni and onion pizzas. Went to store to pick it up. Got home and the pizza was burnt, cheese looked like it was sitting for hours,   most disgusting pizza ever. Lost my business.
127	I recently found out that Domino's has been selling everyone's personal data to 3rd party companies. I received an email asking me if I wanted to opt out and that is how I found out. I should not have to opt out because when I created the account with them It was understood that I was doing business with them and nobody else. This is pretty unprofessional of any company doing this without letting you know what they are doing. If you have an account with Domino's then your data has already been sold. I am done buying anything from Domino's and hope they learn their lesson betraying their customers. John in Wichita KS.
128	I have noticed that when I order online, more and more items that are normally included are left out by default, for example, marinara sauce with garlic parmesan bread bites. It is a no extra charge option, but it used to be selected by default, so if you are not paying close attention to the order, it will be missing something you expect to get.
129	Domino's Pizza Domino's Pizza Pittsburgh Pennsylvania... MOEL the manager. East Carson. He canceled our order because our telephone number had not been updated and the driver was afraid to knock on our front door. We live in a peaceful neighborhood and have spent thousands of dollars over 5 years with this specific chain. An hour and a half in to not receiving our order which included a free pizza, I called and he stated that the driver would be there in 5 minutes. 
130	Love the parmesan garlic sauce! Please do more Noid commercials! Love it! He is hilarious in all your commercials. I'm very happy you brought him back. It signifies Domino's. I will continue to order your pizza.
131	Best Pizza Ever!
132	OMG I love this Pizza so much! 
133	I am a huge fan. Mouth watering sauces.
134	Took my kids here and they ate so much. They love this place
135	I wouldn't mind coming here three times a day. Delicious everything
136	Dominos rocks. I really enjoyed eating her
137	This is a beautifully run franchise. The customer service is excellent.
138	I will definitely be coming back. They make their pizza great by adding a ton of toppings. Super yummy.
139	Dominos has great pizzas and fast delivery. I love how close it is to my home.
140	Everyone loves pizza, but this dominos is even better because they have such fantastic service
141	I love dominos so much. Way better than competitors like Pizza Hut and Papa Johns. I will definitely be coming back for more delicious pizza.
142	Their pizza tastes really good and they offer great deals. I am very happy to give them my business.
143	They serve the best cinnamon twists. Their cheese stuff breads are awesome too!